feat: Add "How we made Cron Monitoring reliable" (#105)
getsentry/sentry.engineering: data/blog/how-we-made-cron-monitoring-reliable.md

---
title: 'How we made Cron Monitoring reliable'
date: '2023-11-14'
tags: ['crons', 'database', 'infrastructure']
draft: false

> summary: 'Having just surpassed over 7 million check-ins per day, let’s talk about what it’s taken to take to go from prototype to production ready cron monitoring.'

Reviewer: nit: passive voice
```suggestion
summary: 'We just surpassed over 7 million check-ins per day. Let's talk about what it took to go from prototype to production ready cron monitoring'
```
